This directory contains the primary scripts used to update and revise the analysis for review in elife:

Phylogenetic analyses:

eLife_trim_new_trees.R: Script to prune iverly divergent tree branches based on an IQR criterion on the updated version of phylogenies.

eLife_find_intros_func.R: This is the most up to date function for finding transmission events in any of the two animal-to-human and human-to-animal direction.

eLife_intro_counts.R: Script summarizing the revised transmission counts.

eLife_plot_phylo.R: Script used to visualize and plot phylogenetic trees with the transmissions on it.

eLife_run_permutations_new_trees.R: Script for performing the permutation test on the revised version of phylogenies.

eLife-plot_permutations_new_trees.R: Script for visualizing the permutation test.

eLife-Y453F.R: In this script, we investigated the occurence of the previously reported Y453F mutation in our data.


GWAS analyses:

eLife_find_intro_seqs_astable.R: This script creates a table of all transmission events and stores the sequences on the parent and child end of the transmission branch as a table.

eLife_mutation_ancestral_seq_summary.R: This script uses the tables generated by the previous table to compare the parent end of a transmission with its child and report the mutations.

eLife-plot_mutation_dist_intros.R: This script visualizes the distribution of mutations identified by the previous two scripts.

eLife-gwas_mutations_in_intros.R: This script maps the mutations identified by our GWAS analysis on transmission branches.

eLife-create_gwas_intro_report.R: This script creates a summary of the GWAS hits mapped to transmission branches identified by the previous script.
